Build README documentation (#2)
im-open/im-github-deployments: README.md

# IM GitHub Deployments Dashboard for Backstage

## What is the IM GitHub Deployments Dashboard
The IM GitHub Deployments Dashboard plugin works in conjunction with the [im-open/create-github-deployment] GitHub workflow action to create and track GitHub [deployments] and [deployment statuses].

## Getting started

### Update `catalog-info.yaml`

####  1. `github.com/project-slug` - REQUIRED

> The `catalog-info.yaml` file will need to be updated so that the `metadata.annotations` section contains a value for `github.com/project-slug`. The project slug is essentially concatenation of the GitHub owner and repository name separated by a forward slash, i.e., `im-open/im-github-deployments`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `catalog-info.yaml` file will need to be updated so that the `metadata.annotations` section contains a value for `github.com/project-slug`. The project slug is the GitHub owner and repository name separated by a forward slash, i.e., `im-open/im-github-deployments`.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: backstage.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: im-github-deployemnts
  ...
  annotations:
    github.com/project-slug: im-open/im-github-deployments
```

#### 2. `deployment-environments` - OPTIONAL, but recommended

> Adding the `metadata.deployment-environments` list allows the dashboard to be pre-populated with the expected deployment environments, and order their appearance in the dashboard.  Otherwise, the deployment environments will be ordered by how they were deployed and may not full reflect the project deployment lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `metadata.deployment-environments` list allows the dashboard to be pre-populated with the expected deployment environments, and order their appearance in the dashboard.  Otherwise, the deployment environments will be ordered by how they were deployed and may not fully reflect the project deployment lifecycle.
```

├── packages
│   └── app
│       ├── ...
│       ├── src
│       │   └── components
│       │       └── catalog
│       │           ├── ...
│       │           └── EntityPage.tsx
│       ├── ...
│       └──
└── ...
```

```typescript
// imports
import { IMGitHubDeploymentsDashboard } from '@im-open/im-github-deployments';

...

const deploymentContent = (
  <Grid container spacing={3} alignItems="stretch">
    <Grid item xs={12} md={12} lg={12}>
      <IMGitHubDeploymentsDashboard />
    </Grid>
  </Grid>
};

...

const defaultEntityPage = (
  <EntityLayout>
    <EntityLayout.Route path="/" title="Overview">
      {overviewContent}
    </EntityLayout.Route>

    <EntityLayout.Route path="/deployments" title="Deployments">
     {deploymentContent}
    </EntityLayout.Route>

    <EntityLayout.Route path="/ci-cd" title="CI/CD">
      {cicdContent}
    </EntityLayout.Route>
    ...
  </EntityLayout>
);

...
```

The example adds the `import` statement and adds the `IMGitHubDeploymentDashboard` to the `defaultEntityPage`, but the display of the deployment tab can be based on whatever your catalog considers a deployable entity that is tied to a GitHub workflow.

#### 3. Authentication

> The `im-github-dashboard` plugin relies on GitHub authentication.  The user must have a GitHub login and access to the org and repo that is being represented in Backstage Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `im-github-deployments` plugin relies on GitHub authentication.  The user must have a GitHub login and access to the repository identified in the entity's `project-slug` annotation.
```

```yaml
name: Project Deployment
on:
	workflow_dispatch:
		inputs:
      tag:
        description: The tag to deploy
        type: string
        required: true
      environment:
        description: The environment the branch, tag or SHA was deployed to
        required: true
        type: choice
        options:
          - Dev
          - QA
          - Stage
          - Prod
      instance:
        description: The instance to deploy to
        required: true
        type: choice
        options:
          - Primary-slot1
          - Primary-slot2
          - Secondary-slot1
          - Secondary-slot2

jobs:
	deploy-the-project:
	  outputs:
	  	deployment_conclusion: ${{ steps.deployment.output.conclusion }}
		...

	update-the-deployment-board:
		needs: [deploy-the-project]
		steps:
			- name: Create GitHub Deployment
        id: create-deployment
        uses: im-open/create-github-deployment@v1
        with:
          workflow-actor: ${{ github.actor }}
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          environment: ${{ input.environment }}
          release-ref: ${{ input.tag }}
          deployment-status: ${{ deploy-the-project.outputs.deployment_conclusion }}

>           entity: im-github-dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          entity: im-github-deployments
```
Is this what you meant? To be consistent with the example used in the prior instructions?

          instance: ${{ input.instance }}

>           workflow-run-url: '${{ github.server_url }}/${{ github.repository }}/actions/runs/${{ github.run_id }}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This line isn't needed anymore, right?

> 			...

Reviewer: Indentation needs to be fixed

          - Secondary-slot2

jobs:
  deploy-the-project:
    outputs:
      deployment_conclusion: ${{ steps.deployment.output.conclusion }}
  ...

>   update-the-deployment-board:
>   needs: [deploy-the-project]
>   steps:
>   - name: Create GitHub Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  update-the-deployment-board:
    needs: [deploy-the-project]
    steps:
    - name: Create GitHub Deployment
```
